c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.exe.config
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.exe
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.pdb
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\rabbit-models.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Resiliency.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Resiliency.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Resiliency.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Resiliency.pdb
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\rabbit-models.pdb
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\obj\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.exe
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\obj\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.pdb
c:\users\sameer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\rabbit-sharding-test\rabbit-sharding-consumer\obj\Debug\rabbit-sharding-consumer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
